Author: Matt Langbehn
Contact: matthew.langbehn@gmail.com

This Package is released under the BSD 3-Clause License (see included LICENSE 
file). If you did not receive a copy of the license with this work, it can be
found at: http://choosealicense.com/licenses/bsd-3-clause/

Please note, this system is intended for use on Linux systems. It expects
that it will have access to GNU tools and may or may not work on other
systems. I intend to release a version that is compatable with BSD tools at
a later date.

Prior to running install.sh, you may wish to edit the configuration files
(found in the Conf/ directory), as they are set to generic values--read: you
want to at least look over them.

The install.sh script will setup default cronjobs (daily backup midnight,
weekly backup at 3AM on Sunday, monthly backup at midnight on the first of 
every month, and a yearly backup on the 1st of January). If you do not wish
to use these defaults, please edit the "crontab entries" section of the
script. If you would prefer to manually add the cronjobs, please comment out
the "Adding tools to root's crontab" section.

To install the backup system, run install.sh as root by using either:
su
./install.sh
or:
sudo ./install.sh

A brief note on backups:

The included scripts are set to rotate daily, weekly, and monthly backups
(only seven days, four weeks, and twelve months are ever stored). Years are
not rotated. Backups are done with hard-links and rsyc so that the size and
time required is kept to a minimum. That said, I recommend having at least
twice the space available as you intend to backup.

It is not a best practice to use a directory or partition on the same disk
or RAID that hosts your system. Ideally, your backup localation would be
hosted on a seperate disk or RAID that is mounted locally on a directory that
root has read-write permissions to and everyone else has read-only. It is also
a good idea to occasionally archive backups to an external disk that is rarely
used, an archival CD/DVD, or--if you're old school--a tape drive. For added
resilience, store these archives off site.

Credit where credit is due. This is the culmination of years of reading and
discussions with more sources than I can remember. As it would be unfair to
credit an incomplete list, a *BIG* thank you to the community!
